this is what Israeli forces had declared
a safe Zone one of the largest camps for
displaced people in Rafa struck by
missiles in an attack by Israeli forces
killing dozens of people and injuring
many more fires quickly spread through
the cloth tents and families Sheltering
there had little
protection most of the bodies were
charred and burned while injured people
lost limbs and suffered other injuries
due to the use of potentially prohibited
weapons that caused the massive fire
which
erupted many of the injured including
young children were rushed to the qu
hospital with severe burns this is the
only Hospital still functioning in rafah
but it doesn't have the resources to
care for all the
injured they burned people they burned
them they burned an entire block en suan
what else do you want me to say I cannot
say anything missiles Came Crashing Down
on an entire block and people were burn
go and see what happened to people the
attack comes after the international
court of justice ruling on Friday
ordering Israel to stop its assault on
rafah where hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians are
Sheltering this horrifying Massacre
sends a clear message from the Israeli
occup
and the US Administration to the
international criminal court and this
message says that the Holocaust of
Palestinian civilians will continue and
massacres against displaced people will
continue the Israeli military claims the
strike targeted Hamas Fighters but
admitted civilians were also hurt and
says it's reviewing the incident Hamas
issued a statement describing the attack
as a massacre and demanding that the icj
ruling
is
implemented but Israel will come under
scrutiny to explain why what it calls
possession Weaponry is killing large
number of Palestinians Sheltering in
tented camps this could be evidence of
plausible genocide before the
international court of justice but could
also be evidence for the office of the
prosecutor in relation to the crimes
that the prosecutor has already brought
to the attention of The Petal judges
which include intentional attacks
against civilians but also the crime
against humanity of um of
extermination Israel has been warned
repeatedly by the UN and its own allies
that an assault on Rafa will result in a
humanitarian
disaster none of that International
pressure has so far stopped its attacks
that our burning innocent Palestinians
shter ing in their makeshift
homesa
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer